README.md, before:

# Project name: Ascii-art-stylize

The Golang program launches the server for the website, where you can write a custom text in ASCII art style.
<br>
<br>
<br>

## Usage:

### Part 1. Launch the server and open the website. 


First, please go to the destination folder using the terminal, and type the following to the command line:

`go run ascii-art-web.go`

This command will launch a web server written on Golang. After doing that, if you use Windows PC, you may see an alert, where you need to allow access for Windows Defender Firewall. Please do it.

Then, please open your web browser and type the following address in the address bar: [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/). It will open the required page.
<br>
<br>
<br>

### Part 2. Use the website.

On the opened website, you can see the field "Type your text here". Please type there the text, that you want to write with ASCII symbols.

Then, you can choose one of the font styles: standard, shadow, or thinkertoy. These are different ASCII fonts for your text.

After that, you can choose a color of your text.

Then, please click "Submit", scroll down, and enjoy the results 😉

<br>

*NB! If your final ASCII result doesn't fit in the field, please just put your mouse to the top bottom corner of the result field, and stretch it.*

<br>

### Part 3. Interactive, consistent, responsive.

This website is responsive. If you try to change the size of your browser window, or open this page on your smartphone, it will still look good.

It is also interactive. The main white form will get a light shadow if you put your mouse on it in the desktop version. The "Submit" button becomes bigger and gets a shadow if you put your mouse on it. Also, the names of fonts change their color a little when mouse is over them.

One more important thing is that you see a website response if you left the text field empty, or use unsupported symbols (like Estonian letters Ä, Õ, or Ü, for example).

The website is consistent. Similar elements are made in one style.

The website is also user-friendly and easy to use.

We hope you will like it as we do 🥰!

<br>
<br>
<br>

## Authors

Created by: Olena Budarahina (Gitea username: obudarah), Kristina Volkova (Gitea username: Mustkass).

Commit message:

added to dockerize.sh garbage colletion

README.md, after:

# Project name: Ascii-art-dockerize

The project ASCII-ART-WEB-DOCKERIZE uses Docker to run a server to host a website where you can write a custom text in ASCII art style.
<br>
<br>
<br>

## Usage:

### Part 1. Launch the server and open the website. 

1. Run the script dockerize.sh to build the docker image and start the container. (use /bin/sh)
2. visit link: http://localhost:8080/
Input a text, choose the font and click on submit
First, please go to the destination folder using the terminal, and type the following to the command line:

`go run ascii-art-web.go`

This command will launch a web server written on Golang. After doing that, if you use Windows PC, you may see an alert, where you need to allow access for Windows Defender Firewall. Please do it.

Then, please open your web browser and type the following address in the address bar: [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/). It will open the required page.
<br>
<br>
<br>

### Part 2. Use the website.

On the opened website, you can see the field "Type your text here". Please type there the text, that you want to write with ASCII symbols.

Then, you can choose one of the font styles: standard, shadow, or thinkertoy. These are different ASCII fonts for your text.

After that, you can choose a color of your text.

Then, please click "Submit", scroll down, and enjoy the results 😉

<br>

*NB! If your final ASCII result doesn't fit in the field, please just put your mouse to the top bottom corner of the result field, and stretch it.*

<br>

### Part 3. Interactive, consistent, responsive.

This website is responsive. If you try to change the size of your browser window, or open this page on your smartphone, it will still look good.

It is also interactive. The main white form will get a light shadow if you put your mouse on it in the desktop version. The "Submit" button becomes bigger and gets a shadow if you put your mouse on it. Also, the names of fonts change their color a little when mouse is over them.

One more important thing is that you see a website response if you left the text field empty, or use unsupported symbols (like Estonian letters Ä, Õ, or Ü, for example).

The website is consistent. Similar elements are made in one style.

The website is also user-friendly and easy to use.

We hope you will like it as we do 🥰!

<br>
<br>
<br>

## Authors

Created by: Olena Budarahina (Gitea username: obudarah), Kristina Volkova (Gitea username: Mustkass).
